service-level-operator (#220)
cloudposse/charts: incubator/service-level-operator/README.md

# service-level-operator

Service level operator abstracts and automates the service level of Kubernetes applications by generation SLI & SLOs to be consumed easily by dashboards and alerts and allow that the SLI/SLO's live with the application flow.

> This is helm chart for this sources: https://github.com/spotahome/service-level-operator 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is helm chart extends the [spotahome/service-level-operator](https://github.com/spotahome/service-level-operator ) helm chart with cluster role bindings.
```
